Add get_incidents to CoreIR (#31333)
demisto/content: Packs/ctf01/ReleaseNotes/1_0_5.md

#### Integrations

##### Cortex XDR - IR CTF

> - Improved implementation by consolidating the shared command **get-incidents** between **CortexXDRIRCTF** and **CortexXDRIR** into the shared module.

Reviewer: Users are not exposed to CoreIRApiModule 
```suggestion
- Improved implementation of *xdr-get-incidents* by unifying similar code blocks.
```
